1) I still get all questions having one answer checked already, where it shouldn't have any, but instead a javascript check to see that they actually filled in at least one value.
=> Sorry for misunderstanding, I thought you wanted default checked

2) At the end, I get the bullets in two columns all right, but I have a big "hole" in the left hand side (see bullets-with-hole.png).
=> Because the length of each answer is not equally , so it leads the big "hole"

3) The size of the bullets-text was pretty big. It was just the icon as a bullet that should be colored and extra-big, so I already changed those ones to: 
.fapurple {
	font-size: 1.5em;
	color: purple;
}

...etc. But, I'm not sure where I found the size of the text of the list-text itself?
=> Thanks for your feedback. I had though font-size:1.5em for text. 

4) Three of the bullet answers I got shoud not have been there at all: "Only a few companies actually maximize the benefits from participating at a trade show or event. Otto makes it possible for you to actually make use of all the contacts you make during that kind of events by registering them into Otto, the automated customer acquisition system.
Make your work with e-mail marketing more efficient, with Otto your mass e-mails will not end up in a trashbox, the reciever will feel selected since the e-mails are personalized and you will be able to see what actions are caused by your promotions or information.
You have obviously realized the benefit with traffic on your website but how about monitoring the traffic, capturing the visitors and convering them into real contacts that become customers? All this is possible with help from Otto who is a automated customer acquisiton system, he does all this automatically for you and your company. " 
=> Can you give me question id and answer id ? I also try to find it in your excel file, but your help will make me easier.

6) Are there more answers that should have been removed (since it's not in the new column)? None of the old column (H) should be used, only those of column (I), and if any of the values in (I) had Non Applicable (N/A), that should simply not be shown.
=> Thanks. I will check again all answers in column I.

8) When you click "No, thanks. Just show me the results." It takes some time to get to the next level. There should:
a) be a space after comma and point, and
b) use one of the font-awesome icons like http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/icon/spinner/ with its spin js to show that something is happening.
=> Do you want a loading spin before show the result ?

11) The logos in the framed box are becoming vertical when the screen gets smaller, which looks a little strange.
=> The problem I also faced when I try to print another page in website. I will try to find solution
12) When I print it, the top paragraphs come first and then the framed box. It wouldn't be possible to have them side-by-side? It's not extremely important, but it becomes more important to at least have the research companies logos at the end of the framed box come side-by-side and not all vertical like now.
=> => The problem I also faced when I try to print another page in website. I will try to find solution

15) I didn't find the encouragement to "Print and show to a colleague"
=> Sorry, I don't know this part. Maybe you don't tell me before ?

16) You said that the short-URLs didn't work, which one didn't?
=>
2 URL show 404 pages
be2.co/join-webinar
be2.co/book-time-slot
